Hey team, so I wanted to give you a video of what the new changes will be here so you can
get me good estimates and if you have any questions just let me know.
So Manish, we're starting this from a mobile preview.
You can ignore this whole section on the web.
I want you to focus on doing the mobile view and then crafting it for a web view.
Make it look okay on the web but optimize here and whatever the web looks like will be
a scaled up version of this.
So first screen we have a picture.
Looks like we have some multiple pictures here.
Let's just stick with one picture for now.
We got the text, we got a button.
We have, you know this is your profile, some text, your name, email, password.
I know we have a lot more criteria on this.
You can add that in for selecting your file, finding the essence.
I know we have the iOS menu that comes up.
Manish, you don't need to worry about that and don't need this extra search section.
Just have a drawdown with these chips.
We don't need this resize, just the chips.
And there will be six main options.
MMA, Muay Thai, wrestling, BJJ, unboxing.
We also, we need all these fields.
We need the name, the email, password and their disciplines.
Once the click continue, oh before the click continue you have this terms of service and
privacy apologies to see you just make sure this is here.
We can come back to this in the future if we want to check box or there might be certain
aspects of this that are important for a fight form.
So just the text here is fine.
I don't even think we have actual links to these yet.
Okay, click continue.
Then you go to, please check your email so you'd be sent some sort of code, bring the code
back.
If our code is longer than this, make it longer.
We can resend the code and then we can verify now or just pass by this step.
Next it'll take us to get paid for your fight life.
This is when you choose your topmost tier.
Remember our tiers are stacked.
So if you're one, two, three, what you get in one is in two, what you get in two is in
three.
You pick whichever one you want to commit to and then the next, you'll notice that this
is scrollable.
In the prototype you can see all of the options.
Notice we select a tier, have to select at least one tier.
You can only select one tier, but you have to select a tier before you can continue.
Next you'll be allowed to enable tipping.
If somebody goes to your post and you have tipping enabled and you also have your payment
set up, then they can tip you.
If you decide to ignore this or you don't have tipping the first time, then this can
be done in your settings later on.
So factor that in, that there will be another way to change this later.
For accepting payments, this is a section where you can't go stripe.
Click this button, it opens the sandbox to do the connection and then that should take
you back to this screen.
And this screen is going to be different.
Jennifer doesn't have the updated version here yet, but what you're going to change
this to is instead of upload minimum content, get started or tell us about you or give
us a little information about you.
I'll figure out the wording for you guys, but the wording isn't that big of a deal
here for the estimates.
Essentially, we want to have them upload a profile photo in this section.
So upload a profile photo for yourself required optional upload a video with a caption and
that will be their first post.
But not everyone is going to want to do a video.
So for now, we're just going to stick with the profile photos mandatory.
Following this, you have a slide that's arena ready.
It's just telling you, you know, you'll be able to become arena ready and gives you a sneak
peek to what that means.
And what is currently done when we change this title, we can change this line as well.
And then preview my profile.
It'll take you just have this as the callback button.
Preview my profile, take you straight to your profile.
And you won't be able to officially be seen until you verify your account.
So we'll want to have some sort of banner to say you need to verify to make sure they
know.
And that's the gist of this onboarding.
So very simple first screen.
Add your name, email password, your disciplines, verify.
If you don't want to verify, you can do it later.
Get paid.
So which subscription you're committing to tipping or no tipping stripe profile photo
video if you're feeling extra pumped up and you have something available.
And then seeing your, you know, your checklist that we can do arena ready and then go into
your profile.
So that is the flow.
So we know if you guys have any questions, please submit your estimates for this.
I will compile them all together, show them to the client.
We can see what they think.
They want this done.
So I expect this will get thrown in right away.
We'll likely take priority over some other features.
So please take a look at this ASAP and let me know.
Thank you guys.
